what's up guys what I'm
going to tell you today is incredible you're going to freak out I
have no words but in
reality I do but I want
this video not to be deleted from YouTube
okay but I would have many words
to describe what I'm going to tell you
tonight okay what I'm going to
tell you tonight is incredible in my
life I could have imagined that there existed
such a piece of [ __ ] person he is the worst
person in the world literally we have already
exposed him on more than one occasion
here on this channel in fact at least he
deigned to come to a debate he made a
complete fool of himself you [ __ ] he came across in
the debate as a defamer like a
slanderer like a [ __ ] scum like
a homophobe I don't want to say another word
because I don't want them to throw this video away
because this video has to be seen by
everyone okay you have to share it to
death and the truth is that no matter how much I
keep preparing you one you're going to hallucinate I don't
know what this kid has in his head
but I imagine what the [ __ ] the others in the one that
these last few days well it has gone
very viral  the case of a child who has
brain cancer there are people who say it's
terminal I don't know if it's true or not okay
but the fact is that the child had a
dream which was to become a youtuber
so the entire internet mobilized okay one
of the few times that something like this happens
not the entire internet mobilized
to the point that the child has almost 6
million subscribers in two days unbelievable
unbelievable what happened
okay the child super happy with his
millions of subscribers okay
and of course online he's not asking for
money or anything like that he simply
had the dream of being a youtuber and
suddenly a group of facebook people went
viral saying that today let's make his
dream come true and everything went from
a youtuber auto youtube was another
verbal youtube we've talked about the
subject everything even the blond gres had
made so much almost 6 million
subscribers okay unbelievable what
happened is this piece of circus
called zeal that as I told you you have a
debate here you have it all on the
secondary channel in the main channel you have
a version with the best moments
okay this piece of [ __ ]
has had no choice but to go and make videos
insulting the child okay saying that the
child does not deserve his subscribers
that the child is going to die right now better
that he says it okay I can't put the
whole video because he says very
hardcore things really I'm going to give you a few
brushstrokes of what he has dedicated himself to
today but I can't
put the full video of this guy
because they are very strong let's say in fact I
imagine that the video will be thrown out
of youtube at some point you are going to
freak out you are going to freak out
because he is a poor child with feces
with arguments his videos are pure
[ __ ] because he is a child it is a point that he
has from what he does but because
people feel sorry for him they are going to see him you know how
morbid that is those who do or what is that
if I do you realize how [ __ ] disgusting that
was it is not because it is someone who
deserves it someone who has worked you
are listening this person is not
playing a character this person
is not the typical hater no one who says
stupid things to get attention not
our person like that this person has
this in their head huge it is that they have
worked for years to
earn a living  with what they like
animation actors from evo people who do
sketches people who teach things I already say
the video is let's go the video of mind-blowing
since I was watching the video and says
things even stronger has done you have
here an example of something he has
retweeted this afternoon okay tom
jones he already reached 4 million I
can already subscribe anyway he's going to
die hurts whoever it hurts to be
tweeting many things like this okay
several things like this has been
removing this character during the day
today when I put and on top of that
idiot elche has had the
nerve to send his followers to
report my twitter by invitation
invitations I love it because it is
making flyer
invitation to suicide whoever deserves that
everyone goes to report I am not
going to send anyone to report you
everyone who does what they consider is worth it would
deserve it just as you have done to me
now I could tell
everyone to go to your video to hit
report and that it indicates incitement
to hatred to minors because in fact it
seems to me that too long  he has your
video uploaded but it's not that your video it's that
later he uploaded another video it's that
then he uploaded more videos talking about
him enjoying himself he smells a little envious you
don't know what the worst thing is that when they
put in the chat that if he is
envious of the child it is a very deserted piece he
said how the hell is he going to be
envious of a child who is going to die in
following people who are subscribed to the channel
of this type of ares there are pieces of
[ __ ] like this it's not that you are equally
pieces of [ __ ] the people who
support him do you think he apologizes not far from
that far from wanting to apologize or something like that he
has uploaded more videos that I
am envious a child with whom he loves
I believe that people man that there
can really be people in the world who are
very evil and with a really
rotten heart but we are talking about a
child never
imbecile it is pathetic that you believe that
someone can be envious of a child
who is going to die and he emphasizes it again
okay envy in case it was not clear
I am defending the child abnormal do you
realize what it is to give a child a
dream job i'm defending the
abnormal kid in his videos are pure [ __ ] let's
see this guy has already pushed the limits
on many occasions
go see the debate i had with him and
not knowing the video they tell him he falls
main also putting it to see this
level has already exceeded any
expectation
we are talking about a kid with caldern
this guy had already done
totally repulsive things cancellable disgusting
so that he didn't have a single
[ __ ] subscriber you have it all in those
videos but this has already been another level
there are 200,000 more than 200,000 people who
have pressed the subscribe button this
guy I really don't understand how these
videos can still be on youtube
that on the one hand and I also don't understand
how there can still be people subscribed
to this it is being said that there are many
people trying to gain followers and
now comes a kid who has gray hair and
because he is going to die well people
subscribe it's incredible you can't have a
heart blacker than the worst person
in the world dude really
many adjectives come to mind and me but you
can't make
fun of him
I think we fall short with
any word because it is a study
you go student the platform the people
who see you what you want to do but
fought to have change
what other sack of [ __ ] you what piece of
[ __ ] to have is the worst person in the
world literally well now you
're going to see more poor thing take take take
we have earned it it has nothing to do
the fact is that let's see there are people I don't know
where they got it apparently that's what it has to
end and I think it's better to
end the subject angry face
angry face angry face yes but we have to
put it Diego I know that to put those that I
think is the worst thing the most that
a person can do because even
when my fame harasses slander
we have seen insulting boys and
girls but when we are
talking about a child that I don't know if the child will have left
but that child is not more
than 10 years old he is a child he is a child who
has a [ __ ] up dog it's incredible throw it is
the maximum not of being a bad person we
are talking to you about a child who has
brain cancer that we do not know how long it
can be and he is complaining to you that
they have given the 5 million now
people just make fun of it out of pity or
because they have to make fun of it and they
tell him that we deserve it, what he uploaded
is [ __ ], he has to
work hard, it's better to climb it, he can't wait, he
hasn't worked hard,
he's a piece of [ __ ] and if one day he
deletes these videos what you will
never erase is your conscience, really,
still wishing maybe something bad on
someone, an adult who is an [ __ ],
cavidi or not saying I have the words of
truth, one thing must be made very clear
and that is that apart from having committed another
act on YouTube and having the video uploaded,
which obviously needs to be reported,
apart from that, he has done it in tweets, you have to
go and report this to the tourist office
because I never do this, ever or this, but
this is too much, but what I would do
would be the tweets, okay, you can see it
on my Twitter account, to steal from tweets from
Spain like the supreme idiot you have,
look at
the big investor he is referring to me, I
think he threw me to the
Twitter account because he sent his
followers to report, I don't care about the
games that they have uploaded this literally  he does
n't send to die also to die and if
on top of that he's fast it's because he's sending to
report also the live here
you but I do it he wants me to
tell everyone who is here to
go report you because you are
breaking the rules and the law surely
the rules and the law it seems that those of us who
report today want to report him
all of you who are here let's
see who he throws at on the
channel and on twitter too quickly a
toxic like him
but it's that he doesn't regret it or be
grassi a moment of heat in which he
has regretted or anything he doesn't
really think about it here this has been my I'm going to
do this to have fun for a while I'm going
to destroy and I'm going to handle everything I'm going to
do this to have fun for a while go
to my twitter to block everyone who has
given interaction to the tweets that have
commented without derivation or the videos
that he uploads he records them in tourist it's that
not only must the rules of
youtube be followed but he has also violated
the rules of tweets on twitter he is  giving
heart to things like for example
if the child has two days left you're going to
see it now because what I did of course he
says that I'm the one insulting because I
made him a piece of [ __ ] you want a
piece of [ __ ] he took it off the internet
the one who then complained that I said that
I according to him said that to Dallas or
as if the dining room of professionals in
what is the worst the worst is that this
monster because it has no other name a
monster said that Dallas was the worst
the worst person that monsters look at
the difference he gave them to him for him I'm
happy for him I don't know what kind of
change I hope it's nothing it's not
even necessary for me to come here to say
anything you know why
a lot is being written to the terminal and that it can be cured
cerebral well let's see there have been many
cases of brain cancer that have been
cured in the difference of optimism
trying to send to the minimum and what he had is
doing the nameless I'm
going to show you well he pointed out what he's
doing on his twitter I'm
going to show you what he's doing on
his twitter because this repulsive us the
next thing is going to surprise us no  at
this point of the director with everything
we've worked on so you have
an idea okay these [ __ ] defines a
child with almost I'm the bad guy the joke
is told he has only deleted you and now
that we're live I don't understand
why delete anything if it will take the
videos it is worse than the videos there is
nothing there was a screenshot in
which he gave a like to a comment that
said something like why does he want
the followers and he has two weeks
something like that dude incredible right incredible
what was said okay so he has broken
any rule both from tweets to the fact
of tweets it is completely variable but so
that he does not step on tweets again and on
youtube at least so that they get a couple of
strikes but if it is that he has only
done it and I do not say it I insist everyone
who is arriving again and who did not
know anything about
the existence of this being looked at the
debate that I did to him I
danced here that was not very difficult either because
the god and incredibly repulsive but
watch the debate so you can see the guy
as he is okay if he were not immature he would not
deceive his parents but he would
follow him  the advice to his parents now if
you ask your father dad can I
keep an uncle for 30 years your father is going to
tell you that it is not the most correct thing not to
cheat on his parents precisely because it
is immature they are saying that cheating on
your parents is a yes it is a sign of
immaturity kindness badly said but if you
understand me and mature of course now we are going to
get into coppito I
consider it contrary if you have
enough mentality to be able to
deceive what your parents are that for
clarity you know yourself better it is better than
anyone you have enough I would enter to
know what is wrong or right in force
a payment of 30 years in the case of
transportation of annoyances I do not remember the
context of that allows that with Dallas
not that video what can make me angry
was his that he did live and then he
came and says
but basically he is subscribed with the
bell activated because every time
you do
this years ago then a lot of years
of subscribing then I returned he is
subscribing
not something that is
[ __ ] look at the debate that he tells him here
live how the guy looked like a
homophobe  harassment to a trans girl and how he
wanted to hurt her also in his
own videos he said that he said it
because he wanted to hurt her the guy took it
and started wanting a land he has chicken
a fight because there is a fight between him
and me what hurts him the most is the 10 that he has
hit and the one of the bunch that referring to
him how much she is it hurts him to criticize for
not referring to a person like her he gets
super angry and they are always so easy and
so just funny that I am going to make
two of him and he knows that that person that
girl in the back is bothered by being called
masculine and he is going to call her masculine
post to hit her where it hurts for me
at the moment of denying the
identity with which
a person feels identified the
sexual identity the gender with which
the person feels identified at the moment that they
are denying it or in other words for whatever
reason it is transphobia that is worth it that
you think you have a
penis [ __ ] learn to differentiate
reality from fiction although well you
think you don't have a penis when you
have them explain to me those jealousies and why
You say this isn't transphobia, really, really,
really.
All of this varies both in tweets
and on YouTube and on Twitter. I insist,
okay, I'll leave it there.